[DX-955] Add use-case based SDK references across Pub/Sub pages (#3340)
ably/docs: src/pages/docs/pub-sub/guides/dashboards-and-visualizations.mdx

Messages of the same type maintain their relative order within batches. For example, if you publish both regular messages and presence messages on the same channel, regular messages will be ordered correctly relative to other regular messages, and presence messages will be ordered correctly relative to other presence messages. However, the relative ordering between different message types (e.g., a regular message published before a presence message) is not guaranteed to be preserved across the batch.

> #### Message conflation: Latest-value batching <a id="message-conflation-for-latest-value-scenarios"/>

Reviewer: Is this necessary?

Author: Yeah, the anchor tag is missing, useful for providing cross linking

  const header = {
    typ: 'JWT',
    alg: 'HS256',

>     kid: '{{API_KEY_NAME}}'

Reviewer: I don't believe this variable nor the one below work.

Author: Updated https://github.com/ably/docs/pull/3340/changes/fe2d1956260957f50ade0818f3ea54c62f772eb0

The token capabilities above restrict viewers to read-only on stats channels and also allows them to subscribe and annotate messages on reaction channels. The latter enables interactive features like emoji reactions without compromising the integrity of the primary data stream. For example, a trusted source could publish match updates or scores, to which viewers can react but not modify.

<Aside data-type='note'>

> For chat and messaging reactions, use the Chat SDK's [message reactions](/docs/chat/rooms/message-reactions) or [room reactions](/docs/chat/rooms/reactions) features. Message annotations are suited for adding metadata to non-chat Pub/Sub messages, such as fan reactions on live sports data.

Reviewer 2: `features` after `room reactions` is redundant; `suited for adding metadata` is wordy.

```suggestion
For chat and messaging reactions, use the Chat SDK's [message reactions](/docs/chat/rooms/message-reactions) or [room reactions](/docs/chat/rooms/reactions). Use message annotations to attach metadata to non-chat Pub/Sub messages, such as fan reactions on live sports data.
```

Author: Keeping the descriptive framing. "Message annotations are suited for adding metadata to non-chat Pub/Sub messages, such as fan reactions on live sports data" reads as guidance about when annotations fit. The imperative "Use message annotations to attach metadata..." is shorter but reads as a directive, which is less helpful in a section weighing trade-offs.

Author: Not in favor of using `attach`, since we frequently use it for `channel attach`

Reviewer: As above: would remove.

Author: https://github.com/ably/docs/pull/3340/changes/fe2d1956260957f50ade0818f3ea54c62f772eb0

```
</Code>

<Aside data-type='note'>

> For collaborative applications where you need to track which users are viewing a shared space, the [Spaces SDK](/docs/spaces) provides purpose-built member tracking with profile data.

Reviewer 2: Verbose framing. The intent is clear without the qualifier clause:

```suggestion
For collaborative applications, the [Spaces SDK](/docs/spaces) provides purpose-built member tracking with profile data.
```

Author: Keeping the qualifier. "For collaborative applications where you need to track which users are viewing a shared space" tells the reader exactly when Spaces is the right pick. "For collaborative applications, the Spaces SDK provides..." drops that signal and leaves the reader to infer when this applies.

Reviewer: Again, don't think we should be advertising Spaces in a page aimed at those building something with Pub/Sub.

Author: https://github.com/ably/docs/pull/3340/changes/fe2d1956260957f50ade0818f3ea54c62f772eb0
